the way we eat has changed more in the
last 50 years than in the previous
10,000 the modern supermarket has on
average 47,000 products the industry
doesn't want you to know the truth about
what you're eating because if you knew
you might not want to eat it we'd never
have food companies this powerful in our
history everything we've done in modern
agriculture is to grow it faster fatter
bigger cheaper if you could grow a
chicken in 49 days why would you want
one you got to grow in three months when
you go through the supermarket there is
an illusion of diversity so much of our
industrial food turns out to be
rearrangements of corn
sometimes you look at a vegetable and
say okay well we can get two hamburgers
for the same price they have managed to
make it against the law to criticize
their products there is an effort to
make it illegal to publish a photo of
any industrial food operation I find it
incredible but the FDA wants to allow
the sale of meat Fruitland animals
without any labeling peanut butter
contaminated with Salmonella e.coli has
been found in spinach apple juice smells
like money to me the average consumer
does not feel very powerful it's the
exact opposite we run an item past the
supermarket scanner we're voting for
local or not organic or not look at the
tobacco industry the battle against
tobacco is a perfect model of how an
industry's irresponsible behavior can be
changed
imagine what it would be if as a
national policy the idea would be to
have such nutritionally dense food that
people actually felt better had more
energy and weren't sick as much you know
now they see that's a noble goal people
it's got to start the mande good
wholesome food of us and we'll deliver I
promise you
you